Coconut&Azuki: 「12 pm, doing the laundry!」
Cinnamon: 「Nnngh~! I can't... reach... the clothesline...! I can't hang the laundry to dry like thiiis~!」
Coconut: 「Don't worry Cinnamon, leave the hanging to me. Could you fold out the laundry and hand it to me?」
Cinnamon: 「Sure! Thanks Nacchan! ♪ You're younger than me, but you sure are reliable~!」
Coconut: 「I just have a larger physique because I'm a Maine Coon. Though it sure comes in handy in times like these, huh? Ahaha~!」
Cinnamon: 「It was a good thing we could take a shower, though~ Spending the rest of the day drenched in toliet water would have been terrible.」
Coconut: 「Right you are! Shigure-sama really should have told us if she had something like that installed in the bathroom though.」
Cinnamon: 「Ahaha, yeah! We could have avoided all that if she had told us, right?  ... Hm?」
Cinnamon: 「Oh, it's a butterfly! Just a butterfly fluttering by~」
Coconut: 「You're right! It's just... dancing right before our eyes... Calling to us...」
Coconut: 「Fidget fidget, fidget fidget!」
Coconut: 「Gasp! No, I can't! I'm a proper, disciplined catgirl! Some butterfly isn't going to get the better of me...!」
Coconut: 「Everything is nothing, nothing is everything! Clear your mind, overconfidence is the enemy! I'm an adult, I am an adult...!」
Coconut: 「It's nothing! It's just some butterfly flapping its wings, right there, right in front of me! It's nothing, nothing, nothing...!!」
Azuki: 「This hand of mine burns red! Its loud roar tells me to defeat the butterfly!」
Azuki: 「ERUPTINGGGGG AZUKIIIII FINGERRRRR!!!」
Coconut: 「Myaaaarrggghhh!!!」
Azuki: 「Damn, it got away! I'm not going to miss next time! Take that!」
Azuki: 「Money is my only friend! MEOWWW PUNCH--Oww!!」
Azuki: 「What the hell are you doing, you stupid Maine Coon! That hurt!」
Coconut: 「That's MY line, you freakin' munchkin! Why'd you come running full speed and catgirl-punch me?!」
Azuki: 「It's your fault for just standing there!」
Azuki: 「You and your massive frame, don't you have any pride as a catgirl?! Huh?!」
Coconut: 「I don't want hear that from a tiny little Munchkin like you, trying to punch something she can't even reach!」
Coconut: 「And if you saw me, how about you try not running straight into me?!」
Azuki: 「Shaddap! I'll beat you senseless before I do it to the butterfly!」
Coconut: 「Fine then, someone's got to put you in your place! I'll twist you 'til you apologize!」
Chocola: 「Oh, ohhh! Azuki's lightning-fast footwork! It's like Chocola's seeing double...!!」
Cinnamon: 「Ah, she got caught by Nacchan in no time. Now her legs are locked in the shape of a four~」
Cinnamon: 「Yeah, Nacchan isn't exactly someone you'd want to pick a fight with... Well, it's Azuki-chan's fault, so whatever~」
Maple: 「I'm surprised those two haven't gotten sick of bickering yet.」
Vanilla: 「Being energetic is a good thing. I hear you can do anything with enough energy.」
Shigure: 「Yaaawn~ ♪ Rolling around in Nii-sama's futon while hanging the laundry out to dry is paradise! Truly paradise, meow~ ♪」
Shigure: 「I wish I could live in this moment forever~ ♪ Teehee... Ohohoh... Ahahahah~ ♪」
