Shigure&Coconut: 「9:30 pm, after the bath.」
Maple: 「Glug, glug, glug...」
Maple: 「Pwaahhh~ ♪ A cold glass of milk right after a bath really is wonderful! ♪」
Cinnamon: 「It sure is~ The way your breasts twitch as you imagine them getting bigger while drinking milk is just wonderful~ ♪」
Azuki: 「Don't be stupid! If you're gonna drink somethin' after a bath, it's gotta be cola. Cola! Glug glug glug...!」
Azuki: 「Pwah!! I love the way the bubbles hit the back of your throat!」
Chocola: 「Hey hey, Shigure-chan!」
Chocola: 「What's this stringy thing dangling from the flaw-resunt light?」
Vanilla: 「What a mystery, that string wasn't here yesterday.」
Shigure: 「Oh, that's the light switch. If you pull it, the light turns off.」
Shigure: 「The switch by the door broke, so I quickly had Coconut fix it with that for now.」
Chocola: 「Huh... So this string turns off the lights? Technology's pretty amazing!」
Shigure: 「Actually, this was how it was way back, apparently.」
Vanilla: 「Hmm... The way it's just swinging back and forth really catches a catgirl's attention, doesn't it.」
Chocola: 「You're right. Kinda makes you wanna swat at it, huh? Like this... Swat!」
Vanilla: 「... Swat.」
Chocola: 「Swat!」
Vanilla: 「Swat!」
Chocola&Vanilla: 「Swat swat swat swat swat swat!」
Coconut: 「Everything is nothing, nothing is everything! Clear your mind, overconfidence is the enemy! I'm an adult, I am an adult...!」
Coconut: 「The way Chocola and Vanilla are just swatting away at that thing doesn't bother me at all... It doesn't bother me at all! Nope! Not in the slightest...!!」
Chocola: 「Coco-chan, wanna swat it with us?」
Coconut: 「Yeah! Heck yeah! I wanna swat at it too!」
Maple: 「Heheh, so entranced by a mere string...」
Maple: 「Coconut may have quite the adult body, but she's still just a kitten.」
Azuki: 「And you're pretty damn old to still be a scaredy-cat.」
Azuki: 「If you're so scared of dark places, why don't you hang a freakin' lamp on your head like an anglerfish!!」
Azuki: 「Oh, but if you did that, you'd get scared whenever you go into the bathroom and see yourself in the mirror, wouldn't you? Heheheh.」
Maple: 「I am going to kill you. I swear, I am going to kill you this very night.」
Azuki: 「Hah! You, little miss Curl, is gonna kill me? Don't make me laugh!」
Cinnamon: 「Girls, you've already taken a bath, so stop fighting! You're both adults, right?」
Azuki: 「What didya say, punk?! Don't think you can get away with that just 'cause your boobs are pretty damn big, you freakin' booby-cat! Swat!」
Maple: 「I know they're a part of who you are, but the way you shove them in our faces can tick me off sometimes! Swat!」
Cinnamon: 「No! D-Don't slap my breasts around like that~」
Azuki: 「Ohh, swat swat! These really do shake, huh! Swat swat! They're causing a magnitude eight on the Richter scale! Swat swat swat!」
Maple: 「I'm surprised you can live a normal life with these things attached to you, swat swat! They seem to be nothing but a burden, swat swat swat!」
Cinnamon: 「Mreowwww~ Why does it always end up like this for meeeeee~ Nooooooo~!! ♪」
Chocola&Vanilla&Coconut: 「Swat swat swat swat swat swat!」
