Azuki&Cinnamon: 「8:30 pm, bath time~ ♪」
Azuki: 「Hot hot hot!! Who turned up the freakin' heat on this bath?! I thought we decided before that baths should be lukewarm!」
Maple: 「What are you talking about? A bath has to be piping hot, or else it won't feel good.」
Maple: 「Haahh~ Ending the day with a bath like this feels wonderful~ ♪」
Chocola: 「Lately, Master hasn't been taking baths with us anymore... Why, meow~?」
Vanilla: 「You know why? It's because Master is a pervert.」
Chocola: 「Hmm? Are you saying it's because we've matured into young women? Is it that?」
Vanilla: 「It's wonderful how you can honestly wonder that while looking at Coconut's and Cinnamon's bare bodies, Chocola.」
Shigure: 「Chocola was still able to bathe together with Nii-sama until just recently, though. That must be nice...」
Shigure: 「As for me, it's been years and years since we've last bathed together... Sigh~」
Azuki: 「Even though you'd even turn all the lights off, stifle your breathing, and hide inside the bathtub waiting for Kashou, he still wouldn't bathe with you!」
Maple: 「If he was still able to spot you like that, then he must be quite perceptive. It must be tough for you, Shigure~」
Coconut: 「Sigh... It must be nice to have a small frame...」
Coconut: 「Whenever I take a bath, I think about how I would've liked to have been born cuter...」
Cinnamon: 「Don't be silly, Nacchan~ You've got a really amazing figure!」
Cinnamon: 「Besides, breasts are the treasure of humanity, you know~? You should have more confidence in yourself!」
Coconut: 「Well, when Shigure-sama buries her smiling face in them and tells me how nice they are, I do feel sort of happy...」
Coconut: 「But I don't know if I can be as confident as you are with your breasts, Cinnamon... Ahahah...」
Cinnamon: 「They might not be as big as mine, but you've got plenty to be proud of~! Yeah, you really should be more confident in them~ ♪」
Cinnamon: 「I've even heard that if everyone had breasts, then we would have world peace~」
Azuki: 「Alright, alright, booby-cat! I'm gonna rinse your back niiiiiice and quick now~」
Cinnamon: 「Hnngggggghhh~!! ♪ No, not that! Not the cold wateeeeeeeerrrr~~!! ♪」
Azuki: 「Want me to dump another load? Here 'ya go, splaaaash!」
Cinnamon: 「Myaowwww...! ♪ I only just cleaned myself, but now I'm wet agaiiiiiiiin~ ♪」
Maple: 「You really are something, Cinnamon.」
Shigure: 「Cinnamon, don't forget to warm up in the tub after you're done, okay?」
Cinnamon: 「Yesssshh!~ I-I've got ittttttttt~! ♪」
