Chocola: 「Master! Someone is approaching the bakery!」
Chocola: 「Everyone in battle stances?! Are... you... ready?!」
Vanilla: 「It would be quicker to go forth and capture them. I'll do it well, so leave it to me.」
Kashou: 「Wait, wait, wait. It's only been 5 minutes since we opened!」
The two of them hid by the window as if stalking prey.
Even though we're finally open, there were -- unsurprisingly -- no customers waiting to come in.
I placed my elbows on the counter while I gazed at the backs of the two catgirls.
Kashou: 「It's fine if you wait for the customers to come in before interacting with them.」
Kashou: 「If you brace yourself like that from the start, then you'll get tired quickly.」
Chocola: 「Vanilla, look! That girl walking over there!」
Chocola: 「She looks like someone who really likes sweets!」
Vanilla: 「Ohh, sweets! But Chocola, that's not really a nice thing to say.」
Vanilla: 「You should be careful of saying that in front of customers.」
Kashou: 「... Not that she can hear you.」
The two catgirls didn't so much as turn an ear in my direction.
Well, to see them that hopeful for customers did pain me a bit as their owner.
Kashou: 「Well, since we just started, we should be patient--」
Female Customer: 「Excuse me.」
Chocola&Vanilla: 「M-Meow, w-welcommmmme!!」\n「M-Meow, w-welcome!!」
Female Customer: 「Hyaaaaah?! Wh-Wh-What is going on?!」
Chocola: 「W-What would you like to meowrder?!」
Chocola: 「Ah, o-our special is that... that thing! Uhm, that!! Cake!!」
Vanilla: 「We also have black tea...! Uhm, the warm kind and the cold kind...!」
Vanilla: 「U-Uhm, the hot kind and uhm, the cold kind...!!」
Kashou: 「Will you two calm down?」
I pulled them back after they quickly set themselves upon the customer who'd just walked in.
Kashou: 「I'm terribly sorry for that. I'm the owner of this bakery, Minaduki.」
Kashou: 「Our menu is over here. Please peruse it at your leisur--」
Kashou: 「...... Hmm?」
Kashou: 「... Miss...?」
Female Customer: 「Hrmm, hrmm. Taking into account the location and use of color, this is quite a splendid storefront.」
Female Customer: 「The introspective feel makes for a simple basis of design, while the knick knacks and such create a relaxing atmosphere. How wonderful!」
There was an uncharacteristically large pair of glasses that didn't suit her face or build.
Then there was her anachronistic Taisho-era mantle and military cap.
Finally, there was her grandiose way of speaking, which didn't match the familiar voice.
Female Customer: 「Hrmm, I've taken a liking to this place! I shall buy every cake you have available!」
Female Customer: 「Now then, good sir, you may pack up all the cakes here!」
Female Customer: 「Ah, you do take credit cards, yes?」
Kashou: 「Uh, Shigure, what are you doing?」
Shigure?: 「Ha ha ha! Who is this Shigure? Sir, you must have mistaken me for someone else!」
Kashou: 「Say what you like, but that's your name.」
Shigure?: 「There's no way a young lass, such a pretty and earnest little sister to her older brother, would grace such a place like this with her presence!」
Shigure?: 「Very well, I won't pay heed to such rudeness! There's no reason to put a damper on your grand opening, after all!」
Kashou: 「In that case, could you cut the crazy routine?」
Kashou: 「Besides, how did you even know where my bakery is?」
Kashou: 「I didn't tell anyone.」
Shigure?: 「I-In any case, just scurry along and prepare all the cakes that you have! I will pay your asking price!! Quickly!!」
Kashou: 「What, now you're a robber?」
Shigure?: 「What rudeness to only show deference to certain customers!」
Shigure?: 「That attitude might chase away, say, a high-class customer who'd come in every day at opening and buy you out!」
Shigure?: 「When it comes to business, you won't get anywhere if you don't jump at every opportunity to make money!」
Shigure?: 「Besides, to see Nii-sama give me such a cold look is making me sad! I'm sad!」
Shigure?: 「And after I held back until today to do something to help you too...! Uuuu...!!」
Kashou: 「Look, I'm not being picky here...」
Not only had she now burst into tears, but her façade was in shambles.
I had no clue what to say.
Chocola: 「Ah, Shigure-chan~! It's been a while~ ♪ How have you been~?!」
Vanilla: 「Shigure, what's with that outfit? Is that what people are wearing now?」
Shigure?: 「Y-You're mistaken! I am not this Shigure-chan you speak of...!」
Shigure?: 「Ah, stop! Don't pull on my cloak... ahh, ah... wait.」
Shigure?: 「Ahhhh--!」
Azuki: 「Yo. It's been a few days, Chocola, Vanilla.」
Maple: 「Oh, are those your uniforms? Aren't they cute~ Talk about dressing to suit your body type!」
Cinnamon: 「I'm glad that you two are doing well.」
Cinnamon: 「I got worried when you two suddenly disappeared, you know~?」
Coconut: 「Yeah, we were really, really worried!」
Coconut: 「You should've just told us you were going with Kashou-sama.」
Chocola: 「Ahaha, sorry! It was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing.」
Vanilla: 「If we can see each other again, then it's not a problem. I'm glad that everyone is doing well.」
Shigure: 「Mmhmm! Seeing the catgirls having a happy, emotional reunion together is simply the best!」
Kashou: 「The best, you say...」
Suddenly, the bakery was at max capacity.
Not to mention they were all family... uninvited family, at that.
Shigure: 「It's been a while, Nii-sama. I'm relieved to see that you are doing well.」
As usual, Shigure smiled and greeted me with polite words.
My little sister is, as a rule, calm and courteous.
There are times when she acts strange, though.
Kashou: 「It's only been a few days.」
Kashou: 「How did you even find this place? I didn't tell you.」
Shigure: 「That is a foolish question to ask your own little sister, Nii-sama.」
Shigure: 「Let's just say it was the power of a little sister's love~」
Kashou: 「Look, I don't have time for that stuff right now.」
Shigure: 「Please stop insisting that this is an act! Shigure is being honest~ ... Oopsie.」
Shigure placed her hand over her mouth.
A piece of paper fell from her kimono to the ground.
Kashou: 「What is that...」
Shigure: 「It's a wonderful business card. How like you, Nii-sama.」
Kashou: 「Wait, I haven't distributed these yet.」
As I said that, I suddenly realized something.
Kashou: 「... This is your doing, isn't it, Vanilla?」
Vanilla: 「This was in exchange for us being allowed to go with you when you moved. It was a necessary evil.」
So when she disappeared at the drugstore the other day, she had slipped out to send the card to Shigure, huh...
That's why she had said "Objective achieved" and evaded my question.
Kashou: 「So earlier, when I couldn't get ahold of you...」
Kashou: 「... and Chocola and Vanilla stowing away in the boxes... this was all part of your plan?」
Shigure: 「Yes, that is absolutely correct.」
Shigure: 「In other words, Chocola and Vanilla did nothing wrong.」
Shigure: 「So, if you are going to scold your bad little sister, I ask that you be firm yet kind.」
Kashou: 「What do you mean, "firm yet kind..."」
Sometimes, I have no idea what my little sister is talking about.
Well, she's always been like this, so I let it slide. Still...
Kashou: 「... Well, it was also wrong of me to move out without saying anything to you.」
I awkwardly scratched my cheek while looking away.
She's been such a clingy, adoring little sister in the past that people even made fun of her for it.
That is why I had to use such a roundabout, high-handed tactic.
In a sense, she worried about me more than even Chocola and Vanilla.
That's why I didn't really feel like complaining.
Shigure: 「Nii-sama...」
Shigure: 「... It was. Shigure has been rather worried about you, Nii-sama. I'm glad you are in good health.」
Kashou: 「It's only been a few days, so nothing's really happened.」
Shigure had a gallant smile on her face as I rubbed her head.
She let out a small laugh and smiled -- it must have felt as good for her as it does for the catgirls.
Azuki: 「Oh, Kashou. Why so reserved? It's not like Shigure's a stranger or something.」
Azuki: 「Shigure's really been uneasy these last few days, you know?」
Azuki: 「Enough to forget about our food.」
Maple: 「Listen, she really was worried.」
Maple: 「She'd just pace around the room in circles like an animal in a cage and sigh. Lots of sighing.」
Maple: 「It would have been better if you would at least had told her your address.」
Maple: 「Unless you wanted to cut ties with us... but that would be something else entirely.」
Azuki: 「Well, we know why he did it, right? It's because he thought he'd look cool if he left by himself without telling anyone.」
Maple: 「Ah, probably! Probably that! Human males really are troublesome, huh?」
The two of them deliberately raised their hands and grinned at me bitterly.
Azuki and Maple were being a little too harsh, but even so, I didn't try to argue it.
Kashou: 「Sorry about that, Azuki, Maple.」
Kashou: 「I already feel guilty enough as it is, so lay off, okay?」
Cinnamon: 「Ahaha! But Azu-chan and Mei-chan were really worried too, you know~」
Cinnamon: 「The two of them went hunting for Kashou-san's name in Shigure-chan's computer and cell phone frantically~ ♪」
Coconut: 「Humph. The two of them aren't very honest, despite being older.」
Coconut: 「But if it came to it, I was ready to go searching for you instead of Shigure.」
Kashou: 「Cinnamon, Coconut, I'm sorry to have worried you guys, too.」
Kashou: 「It won't happen again, so please cut me some slack.」
I lowered my head towards Cinnamon and Coconut.
And just like that, all the catgirls in my family were assembled.
I appreciated the warmth of having my family here right now.
Shigure: 「I won't let Father know about this, so please don't worry.」
Kashou: 「Ahh, I appreciate it. You've been through a lot, too. Sorry.」
Shigure: 「It was nothing.」
Shigure: 「I will always come and visit you, Nii-sama. I'll be cheering you on.」
She wrapped her small hands around my hand.
She didn't say anything about me slipping out without telling anyone.
She simply just forgave me.
Even my little sister seems to have grown up well. Flawless, at that.
Shigure: 「However, Mother is rather worried about you, Nii-sama.」
Shigure: 「Once things settle down, it would put her at ease if you'd call her at least once.」
Kashou: 「All right. I'll do that.」
Shigure: 「Okay! Let's pinky-swear on it.」
We linked our pinky fingers together. When we were little, we always made promises with a pinky-swear.
Shigure smiled like a mischievous child once we'd done this. It was rather cute.
Shigure: 「... I was sort of looking forward to some gentle scolding from Nii-sama, though.」
Kashou: 「My wonderful little sister is so spoiled.」
Well, even so, she's still my little sister.
Things always seemed to go this way between us, so we didn't mind.
Shigure: 「But honestly, this is a fine and lovely bakery.」
Shigure: 「I'm happy my beloved Nii-sama no longer has to hide his love of baking.」
Kashou: 「You and the catgirls have been helping to destroy all the evidence, though.」
Shigure: 「Huhu~ That's because while I do like the traditional candy our family makes, Nii-sama's cakes are number one in the world.」
Shigure: 「... Even though the thought of Nii-sama never returning home makes me sick with loneliness...」
Shigure: 「... I'm sure many customers will come to show their love for this bakery.」
She said that with a slightly troubled smile.
Shigure, Chocola, and Vanilla said the same thing with the same smile.
Kashou: 「It would be nice if everything would go that smoothly.」
Just like before with Chocola and Vanilla, I rubbed her head and said the same thing I had told them.
Shigure: 「Wow~ This is the first time I've seen the kitchen of a Western-style confectionery!」
Shigure: 「It's not fitted out quite like the Minadukis' traditional candymaking kitchen, is it...」
Shigure seemed really intrigued as she looked around at the mixers, rollers, and other tools in the kitchen.
There was a lot of similar equipment, of course, but there were minute differences.
Shigure: 「Nii-sama, this is where you make cakes, isn't it?」
Shigure: 「I prefer seeing Nii-sama in traditional Japanese clothing, but I'm sure you in your bakery uniform will make girls' hearts sing, too.」
Shigure: 「Ahh...! If I could, I would install a live camera so I could watch my beloved Nii-sama 24/7...!」
Kashou: 「There's no way I'd be okay with that.」
Not that there was any way I'd be there baking for 24 hours straight.
As usual, my little sister said some pretty questionable things.
Shigure: 「... But I am glad that both Chocola and Vanilla are doing well.」
Shigure: 「I had no doubt that you'd let them stay, Nii-sama. Teehee~」
Shigure took the book on raising catgirls that had been left in the kitchen and giggled.
Kashou: 「I'm just learning, so there's still lots of stuff I don't understand.」
Once I'd read the book, I'd realized once again that my family's catgirls were particularly excellent.
Apparently, the fact that they were fluent in our language and able to live comfortably with humans made them quite exceptional.
Kashou: 「The more I read, the more I realize how much of an education freak you are, and just how well you raised them.」
Shigure: 「It's all because of their strict upbringing mixed with love. It was for their sakes as well.」
She spoke like a mother, closing her eyes and tapping her chest proudly.
Although she was young, I could see that she was reliable and confident enough to raise six catgirls.
Seeing that unexpected side of Shigure made me proud to be her older brother.
Kashou: 「I will take responsibility and act as a good owner.」
Shigure: 「Yes, I don't doubt that one bit, Nii-sama.」
Shigure: 「But if you're going to get them working in this bakery, certain qualifications are necessary.」
Kashou: 「Qualifications? Are you talking about a cooking certification?」
Shigure: 「Teehee~ Not that, Nii-sama. It isn't that...」
Shigure: 「Regarding, allowing catgirls to work independently as employees...」
Shigure: 「A catgirl needs to have an "Independent Action Permit" in terms of qualifications.」
Shigure: 「Without that permit, a catgirl can be arrested by the police if they are out and about.」
Shigure: 「Besides, they can't be employed without that permit.」
Shigure: 「Working for free is a different story, though.」
Kashou: 「A permit... but our family's catgirls have never had one of those when they leave home, right?」
I tried to remember the times when our family's catgirls went out while under Shigure's watch.
I really didn't recall seeing any sort of permits...
Shigure: 「Teehee, everyone always has it on them.」
Shigure: 「Now then, Nii-sama, if you'll come this way...」
At Shigure's urging, we stepped out of the kitchen.
Kashou: 「Wow, so the Bell is their permit...」
Maple: 「Well, catgirls don't carry anything except their Bell.」
Maple: 「It's inconvenient to not be able to go about freely, so we kind of have to keep it on us.」
Azuki: 「That means we were selected out of a bunch of catgirls!」
Azuki: 「That is why we're different from other catgirls!」
Cinnamon: 「They say that only one in ten catgirls pass, you know~」
Cinnamon: 「The studying was so hard! I was totally fed up with it~」
Coconut: 「Belonging to Shigure-sama and not having a Bell...」
Coconut: 「... would be an embarrassment to our master.」
Everyone proudly shook their Bells.
I never knew the Bell had that sort of meaning.
I thought it was just Shigure's preference...
Shigure: 「It can be shown in place of catgirl identification papers, so it is rather convenient.」
Shigure: 「It allows them to enter buildings and events where pets aren't allowed.」
Shigure: 「It also has a GPS feature, so they won't get lost.」
Shigure: 「There shouldn't be any complaints if they work inside your store a bit...」
Shigure: 「... but if you intend to employ them officially, you should make sure they have the proper qualifications.」
Kashou: 「I see. There's a lot to deal with when it comes to catgirls.」
As an owner, I'd better take everything Shigure was teaching me to heart.
Shigure: 「I was just thinking it was about time to have Chocola and Vanilla get their Bells.」
Shigure: 「So this might be perfect timing.」
Shigure: 「Right, Chocola, Vanilla?」
Chocola: 「If we can be of help to Master, then we'll do our best! We really will~!」
Vanilla: 「This way, we'll be able to go out with everyone. It's lonely without company.」
Shigure: 「Of course, Nii-sama, as their owner you will also need to assist them, okay?」
Kashou: 「Yeah. Just pampering them won't do them any good, right?」
Shigure: 「Exactly, teehee!」
Shigure: 「Learning more about human society will lead to a richer life.」
Chocola: 「Yay~! When Chocola has a Bell, Chocola wants to go to an amusement park with Master!」
Vanilla: 「Amusement parks are fine too, but I want to go to an aquarium.」
Vanilla: 「I want to see dolphins, penguins, and blue whales.」
Kashou: 「There aren't any aquariums that have blue whales, though.」
Coconut: 「Yep, yep! I was always left behind at home before I got my Bell, so I know all too well what it's like to be lonely.」
Coconut: 「I'll cheer for you two, so do your best and pass it in one shot, Chocola, Vanilla!」
Azuki: 「Yeah, yeah~ That's why this big-headed Maine Coon is troublesome, right...」
Azuki: 「It's not a matter of how many times it takes you to pass or what kind of Bell you get.」
Azuki: 「What's important is being proud of yourself and not acting so immature that you reveal your upbringing.」
Azuki: 「If you do that, you might as well just go eat baby food, heh!」
Coconut: 「You failed the test twice yourself, Azuki, so there's no reason to feel inferior about it.」
Coconut: 「Ah, or could it be that you're at a disadvantage because of your stubby little arms and legs~?」
Azuki: 「The hell did you say?! Those are the trademark of a Munchkin catgirl!!」
Azuki: 「You damn brats are twenty million years too young to talk cat with me, you gobby fish!!」
Coconut: 「I'm not going to treat you like my senior just because you're older.」
Coconut: 「If you want me to respect you, then give me a reason to.」
Chocola: 「F-Fighting isn't allowed~! Calm down, you two! Okay?!」
Cinnamon: 「Th-That's right~! If you get too stressed, you'll get bald spots~!」
Chocola: 「Ah, Chocola knows! There's that toy that Master bought the other day!」
Chocola: 「If they play with it, they'll get distracted and everything will be fine, right, right?!」
Maple: 「Azuki and Coconut really don't get tired of fighting like this day in and day out, huh.」
Maple: 「Ah, geez. If you're going to fight and kick up dust, then do it outside. Out-si-de!」
Vanilla: 「Just another normal day for the Minaduki family. And for La Soleil, too.」
Vanilla: 「Maple, I'm going to go make some tea. What would you like? Our speciality is Darjeelimy.」
Maple: 「Vanilla, you're cute when you're obedient like that.」
Maple: 「All right, I'll take you up on your recommendation. Also, it's called Darjeeling, okay?」
Vanilla: 「O-kay, leave it to me. Maple will be the first customer I pour tea for.」
Kashou: 「......」
... Seen from this angle, none of this seemed particularly intelligent.
The only accurate thing Vanilla said was that this was a normal day for the Minaduki family.
But it did make me think that things would be better outside instead.
Shigure: 「Okay, no more fighting now~」
All: 「Humph!」「Hm?」「Huh?」\n「Hoe?」「Yes!」「Yes.」
Shigure: 「Just what do you think you're doing, fighting on the day of Nii-sama's new start?」
Shigure: 「As a Bell-carrying catgirl of the Minaduki family, you ought to be ashamed!」
Chocola: 「Chocola and Vanilla don't have a Bell yet, though.」
Vanilla: 「Right? So we don't feel embarrassed about it.」
Maple: 「I wasn't fighting, either.」
Maple: 「Haah~ It's because of the dummies that we got involved.」
Azuki: 「What did you say, punk? That's big talk coming from the most skittish catgirl of the bunch of us!」
Coconut: 「You can't even go to the bathroom at night without turning on all the lights in your bedroom and in the hallway!」
Maple: 「Meowrgh! I told you I'm not the type of catgirl who has nocturnal instincts, you dumb catgirl!!」
Cinnamon: 「That side of you is one of your cute points though, Mei-chan~」
Cinnamon: 「That normally domineering side of you is starting to becoming cute, too~ ♪」
Maple: 「Grrrahhh! How dare you make fun of me when you're the one in that stupid magical girl get-up?!」
Maple: 「I'll upload your magic incantation video to YouChube!!」
Cinnamon: 「Huwaaah?! Th-That's mean~ If that goes online, it'll be out there forever~!!」
Cinnamon: 「And Shigure-chan said the magical girl look suited me, so what's wrong with it~?! Meowaaaahh~!!」
Shigure: 「Okay okay okay okay okay! Silence! Silence!!」
Shigure: 「Once again... today is a day of celebration for the start of Nii-sama's new life. I'm declaring it a new holiday.」
Shigure: 「I have also already purchased all the cakes here.」
Shigure: 「Therefore, for today only, you may all eat however many you'd like.」
Azuki: 「For real, Shigure?! I can have two of them?!」
Coconut: 「W-We can eat however many we like...?!」
Coconut: 「So are you saying we can eat an entire cake ourselves...?!」
Kashou: 「Yeah, she bought them all... huh? Wait, Shigure-san...?!」
Maple: 「Since it's cake, could you get me some Earl Grey to go with it? Ah, lukewarm, of course.」
Chocola: 「Okay~! Leave it to Chocola~ ♪ Master, Shigure-chan, are you fine with a black tea, too~?」
Vanilla: 「I'll help. It'll be my first job as a poster catgirl.」
Cinnamon: 「Yay~ ♪ I'll put up a "SOLD OUT - CLOSED" sign outside~ ♪」
Kashou: 「No... hey, wait a minute...! H-Hey! I said to wait a moment!」
Shigure: 「Nii-sama~? Your little sister is requesting that you feed her~ ♪」
Shigure: 「I think that would be a nice bonus for this large purchase. Ahnn~! ♪」
Azuki: 「Woahh?! It's good... This is really good!!」
Azuki: 「Hey, Kashou! You're not bad, aren't ya? Armph, munch munch!!」
Coconut: 「Fuwahh... ♪ To think that there would be a day in my catgirl-life that I could eat a whole cake myself...!」
Coconut: 「Ahh, happiness! I am so incredibly, incredibly happy right now...! Munch, munch...!」
Maple: 「Mmm~ What a wonderful smell. For a cat's tongue, lukewarm is definitely best, right~ ♪」
Maple: 「Want to trade my tea cake for your apple pie?」
Cinnamon: 「But I wanted to try this freshly baked apple pie~!」
Cinnamon: 「Kashou-san, please! This is my one wish in life~!」
Chocola: 「Master, we're out of cream puffs now~!」
Chocola: 「Requesting increase in production! Salute!」
Vanilla: 「Hrmm...! Master, I can't reach the tea leaf stock... Get it for me...!!」
Kashou: 「... Do what you like. Don't mind me.」
And just like that, half an hour into opening day, and suddenly there was a "SOLD OUT" sign on the door of my bakery.
Kashou: 「I'm back~」
Chocola: 「Master~! Please look at this, Master~! It's amazing~!」
Vanilla: 「It's so cute! It's really amazing, it really is!」
Kashou: 「What happened? You both are so excited...」
I had just come back from shopping to find the two of them in really high spirits.
I couldn't imagine what had changed so drastically in the little time I had been out...
Well, maybe they were really getting into that cat toy.
Chocola: 「Please, just come and take a look! It's really something! It really is!」
Kashou: 「Yeah, I get that it's amazing, but what exactly is it?」
Vanilla: 「Just come here. Seeing is believing. It would be faster for you to just have a look.」
Kashou: 「Faster to have a look...? That's just an empty room.」
Chocola and Vanilla pulled me towards the empty room.
Kashou: 「Whoa...?! Wh-What the...?!」
The moment the door was opened, there was a pink and white spread before my eyes.
The colors overflowed from the floor, bed, dresser, and cushions with their antique rose design.
There also seemed to be a sweet, high class scent wafting throughout it.
Clearly, a room that wasn't here before was spread out before my eyes.
I immediately started to wonder if I'd somehow walked into another dimension.
Chocola: 「Shigure-chan arranged for all of this~! It's super-duper cute~!」
Vanilla: 「Shigure felt pity and prepared this for us. This way, Master can say goodbye to his days of sleeping on the sofa.」
Kashou: 「... Now that you mention it, it has the same feel as your room back home, huh?」
I found myself greatly confused as I leaned against the wall.
I remembered it was one of Shigure's hobbies to decorate each of the catgirls' rooms to something like this.
Because of our traditional parents, Shigure herself had a relatively normal Japanese-style room, so it seemed like she poured all her effort into their rooms instead of her own.
Shigure did also say that she dressed the catgirls according to her own tastes too. All of them except for Maple.
Chocola: 「Yay~ The bed is really fluffy-wuffy and smells nice~ ♪」
Vanilla: 「It's super huge. This will be more than enough for Chocola and me.」
While Shigure might have been an education freak, I'd forgotten how much she really did spoil them.
Speaking of which, when did that girl have time to set all this up...?
She must have brought this all in while I was out. That really speaks volumes about her abilities.
Kashou: 「... Well, this your room, so use it as you wish.」
Chocola: 「Eheheh, are you jealous~?」
Kashou: 「Well, you do have that expensive-looking bed and all.」
Vanilla: 「Heheh. Shigure said that Master would say something like that~」
Kashou: 「...... Huh?」
Chocola: 「Meow~ Master's room is a lot like ours and it's really nice too, you know~ ♪」
Vanilla: 「Master's bed is equally impressive. It's big and fluffy-wuffy.」
Chocola: 「What do you think, what do you think~? Are you happy, Master~?」
Vanilla: 「I really must take my hat off to how much Shigure loves you.」
Kashou: 「Shigureeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!」
There was no way I could just throw out all the new things in the room.
And so, I became burdened with a glorious fantasy princess room.
... But surprisingly, I slept extremely well, so I didn't complain.
