Coconut: 「The laundry and cleaning have been done to perfection!」
Coconut: 「Cinnamon, Maple! Verify, if you please!」
Cinnamon: 「Amazing~! You've really made progress, Nacchan~!」
Cinnamon: 「Not a single cup or plate or teaspoon is broken~!」
Maple: 「I'm not sure if we should be praising her so much for something like that...」
Maple: 「Although you do seem much more capable than you were a few days ago.」
Cinnamon: 「I'm so glad 'Nacchan is feeling better.」
Maple: 「It's because she's a kitten at heart. Kashou helped her improve her strengths.」
Coconut: 「Howzat, Azuki? Even I can manage this with a little effort!」
Azuki: 「Whoa, whoa, that's awesome!」
Azuki: 「Looks like you're finally at the top of the bottom. Keep it up, keep it up.」
Coconut: 「Did you hear, Onii-chan?! Azuki praised me! SHE praised me!!」
Kashou: 「Hey, that's great. Your special training's paying off.」
I won't worry about Azuki's attitude.
I'm just glad that Coconut is happy.
Maple: 「'Onii-chan'...?」
Maple: 「Wait, are you guys into that sister-brother role play stuff? That's a little weird~」
Cinnamon: 「Now now, there's nothing wrong with that~」
Cinnamon: 「You shouldn't gossip about other's tastes, you know~」
Cinnamon: 「Kashou might use it as blackmail...♪」
Cinnamon: 「Oh noooo~ The cafe's just opened, and...! Cinnamon's already dripping~♪」
Kashou: 「I'm telling you right now, it's nothing like what you're thinking, alright?」
Coconut: 「Yeah, I'm the one who wanted to call him that, anyway.」
Coconut: 「I wanted to stop pretending to be something I'm not.」
Coconut: 「Right, Onii-chan?」
Maple: 「I'm not really sure what you're talking about, but it seems like something happened the other day.」
Maple: 「Well, this is more like you, Coconut, so I think it's for the best.」
Cinnamon: 「As one of her older sisters, I'm so glad that Nacchan is growing up~」
Cinnamon: 「Nothing good comes out of pretending you're something you're not~」
Maple and Cinnamon seem to agree.
They are family, after all.
I am reminded of that again.
Azuki: 「'Ey, Kashou.」
Kashou: 「Hm? What's up, Azuki?」
Azuki: 「I'm glad you got Nuts to stop bein' such a wishy-washy catgirl.」
Azuki: 「Nuts is a bit simple, so don't give her too much special treatment, 'kay?」
Kashou: 「Special treatment?」
Azuki: 「I know you've been goin' easy on her as much as you can.」
Azuki: 「No matter what you think, she's still just a little catgirl, so don't get too close to her.」
She softly hits my chest.
Kashou: 「We're family. We can't help but be close.」
Azuki: 「That's not what I mean, ya know?」
Coconut: 「Oh, you're not jealous, are you Azuki?」
Coconut: 「Jealous that Onii-chan and I have gotten so close?」
Azuki: 「Who would be jealous of that, ya dummy?!」
Azuki: 「Don't let things get to your head, you useless catgirl!!」
Coconut: 「Heheh, I'm an adult now. You think I'd get all riled up by that?」
Azuki: 「Y-You...! I guess your ego's grown as massive as your body...!」
Coconut: 「M-My body's got nothing to do with this! Maybe you should be a little more modest, considering what your figure's like!」
Azuki: 「You Molly Cat! You wanna go? Grraagh!!」
Coconut: 「I knew that'd get you going! If you wanna fight so bad, then let's go!!」
Maple: 「Well, she may have grown up a bit, but she's still Coconut.」
Cinnamon: 「They definitely are Minaduki sisters~」
...And that's how it ends, I guess.
Some things just don't change.
Azuki: 「Yo, Kashou, I'm goin' on break.」
Kashou: 「Alright, good work out there.」
I'm in the middle of something and respond without turning to face her.
Kashou: 「Oh, Azuki.」
Azuki: 「Hm? What's up?」
Kashou: 「How's Coconut doing?」
Kashou: 「Is she doing her work alright?」
Azuki: 「Yeah, she's doin' better than she was a few days ago, at least.」
Azuki: 「She works slow, but that's 200 times better than her bein' useless, right?」
Azuki: 「If she continues at it like this, we'll finally be able to count her as a contributing member of the team, right?」
Kashou: 「I see, I see. That's great.」
I'm relieved that she's not having a hard time with things.
Like Azuki said, she'll get better as time goes on.
The important thing now is helping her get to that point.
Azuki: 「Thanks for takin' her down a notch.」
Kashou: 「I wasn't trying to take her down a notch or anything.」
Kashou: 「I was just helping her develop her skills a little.」
Azuki: 「She's a useless cat, and she acts like one, don'cha think?」
Azuki: 「You don't think that's a habit that needs to be broken? Heheheh~」
Azuki: 「Well Nuts definitely needed it.」
Azuki: 「No matter how much I tell her not to overwork herself, she never listens to me.」
Azuki: 「Whatever. I don't know what ya told her, but I guess it worked.」
...Azuki's never going to get Coconut to open up to her if she keeps saying things like that.
I'll let them work that out on their own, though.
Kashou: 「I know you're watching Coconut, Azuki.」
Kashou: 「You phoned just because you were worried about her, didn't you?」
Azuki: 「Well yeah, I'm the oldest sister. It's just somethin' I gotta do.」
Azuki: 「Not that I have to worry about Mon-cinna and Pull-may.」
Azuki: 「The problem with Nuts is that both her body and her boobs are so huge.」
Azuki: 「When she stops bein' a a little catgirl, that's when we'll really be in trouble.」
She strikes an annoyed pose.
I guess this is just how Azuki shows her affection.
If she stopped being so sarcastic, maybe her sisters would realize that too.
She probably just needs some way to hide her embarrassment though.
Kashou: 「Hm, she seems like she has a lot of things to worry about.」
Azuki: 「Well, I have some hunches.」
Azuki: 「She's always gonna be naive though, bein' the youngest sister and all...」
Azuki: 「Chocola and Vanilla came into the family just as Nuts was gettin' big.」
Azuki: 「Ever since then, she's always been tryin' her hardest to act like a big sister around them.」
Azuki: 「I think that's a little beyond her, though, especially since she's still practically a kitten herself.」
Azuki: 「She always fawns on those two, and that's great and all, but I still worry.」
Azuki's being more talkative than usual.
Earlier she said that Coconut never listens to her.
As the older sister, that must be pretty frustrating for her.
She must be in quite a bind, since she's never upfront about her feelings.
There's no way she'd know them so well if she didn't love them.
「Seems like the Minaduki family's eldest catgirl really is a wonderful sister...」
I think, sincerely.
Kashou: 「Must be tough, being an older sister.」
Azuki: 「Sure is. It's the worst for me.」
Azuki: 「Even the job of settlin' the shop's accounts gets pushed onto me.」
Azuki: 「That's somethin' that deserves a little extra thanks, don'cha think? How about you make me somethin' tasty?」
Azuki: 「Ah, wait, I saw they were advertisin' Oma tuna bowls on TV. Only 25,000 yen a bowl.」
Kashou: 「Don't change the subject.」
25,000 yen for one bowl?
Even Misaki's most expensive tuna bowl is only about 5000 yen.
I'm not sure which of the two is actually closer to a normal price, now.
I guess you'd have to eat it to really understand.
Kashou: 「Alright, well how about some pats? Come on, pat pat pat~」
Azuki: 「Wha-- Hey, Kashou...! Sto--!」
Azuki: 「J-Just what kind of catgirl do you think I am...! Nghh...! Mrmn~!!」
Azuki: 「Fghuh...! Nn, mrmmmn... Ngh! Nnnnh!!」
...I never expected that Azuki could be this cute.
She's trying desperately not to purr, but her tail's already sticking straight up.
I guess it's only natural that a catgirl would like being pet.
I continue to pet Azuki as I admire her.
Kashou: 「Come on, there's no one else around. You can purr if you want.」
Azuki: 「D-Don't get carried away...! Just... cut it out...!」
Azuki: 「Ngh, nnh...! Mm, purr... purr purr~ Nghhh!!」
Coconut: 「I can't believe you're making such cute sounds, Azuki~♪」
Coconut: 「No matter what you say, even you melt in Onii-chan's hands.」
Azuki: 「Y-You got it wrong! I'm different from a kitten like you!」
Coconut: 「Even though you feel the same happiness as this kitten feels?」
Azuki: 「I said I'm different! I'm doing this because Kashou's hand smells funny! It's just a Flehmen response!」
Coconut: 「Flehmen response, huh? Azuki's Flehmen face is just so adorable~♪」
Azuki: 「Y-You little...! Don't you get carried away...!」
Kashou: 「If you're going to get violent, do it upstairs, away from the shop.」
As I chuckle to myself about Azuki's awkward display of affection...
...I stealthily produce two freshly baked apple pies.
Kashou: 「Alright, we're just about sold out for today. It's a little early, but I think we can close up the bakery.」
Cinnamon: 「Alright, good work everyone~♪」
Maple: 「We're down a few hands, but it seems like we're doing fine without them.」
Coconut: 「Ahaha, they should be back soon though, right?」
Azuki: 「Well, Chocola's a real big idiot.」
Azuki: 「It'll be a miracle if she does end up gettin' her bell.」
Coconut: 「I hope they don't get their bells taken away, though...」
Kashou: 「I've got some things to take care of after this, so can I leave closing up the store to you girls?」
Kashou: 「Azuki, come with me.」
Azuki: 「Whaaat? Why am I the only one who has to work overtime?」
Azuki: 「Can't you just ask your buddy, Nuts?」
Kashou: 「Don't be like that. I just need your help.」
Azuki: 「Geez, guess I don't got a choice. This cafe's got some real shady policies, you know.」
She comes along, putting on a show and acting oh-so indignant.
But underneath that sarcastic exterior, she's obedient.
I reflect on that as I tell her to change her clothes.
Kashou: 「Alright, Cinnamon, I'm giving you the key to the store. Don't let me down, okay?」
Cinnamon: 「I won't~ Leave it to me~♪」
Azuki: 「...Now, where the heck are we goin'?」
Azuki: 「I'm not used to seein' you in a suit, Kashou.」
Azuki: 「Are you goin' off somewhere to apologize for somethin' and you needed a catgirl to, uh, help out?」
Azuki: 「If that's the case, wouldn't you be better off bringin' one of the big boobie catgirls like Mon-cinna or Nuts instead?」
Kashou: 「Don't worry about it. Just come on.」
I try to reassure Azuki as she makes excuses.
As we chat, night falls, and we walk around the shopping district.
Azuki: 「Geez, is this all you wanted me for?」
Azuki: 「I hope you know how expensive it is to take a cute catgirl like me out on a date.」
Kashou: 「Yes, yes, you have my sincerest gratitude, Azuki-sama.」
Kashou: 「Hmm, it must be somewhere around here...」
Kashou: 「Oh, here it is.」
Kashou: 「We're going in this store, Azuki.」
Azuki: 「...Huh? This store is--」
Shop Clerk: 「Thank you for waiting. Let me pull back the curtain for you.」
Azuki: 「W-Wait a sec...!」
Azuki: 「You never mentioned any of this...!」
She mutters, her embarrassed face glowing bright red.
Kashou: 「Hey, it suits you, Azuki.」
Azuki: 「I don't care if it suits me or not...!」
She's not used to wearing frilly party dresses.
Azuki fidgets, idly pressing her fingertips together.
As her face reddens even more, she shoots me a protesting glance.
Kashou: 「I wonder if it's okay for a catgirl to be wearing an outfit like this.」
Azuki: 「D-Don't make fun of me! I'm already pretty great on my own, you know...」
She's so cute when she tries to act tough.
Honestly, she does look stunning in the dress, though.
Personality-wise, she's pretty rough around the edges...
...But this really accentuates her figure.
Even if her figure is that of a munchkin...
Her height and her very modest chest are accentuated too...
Though I keep that part to myself.
Azuki: 「W-Why are you makin' me wear this...?」
Azuki: 「Pull-may would probably be happy to wear this sorta thing, but why me?」
Azuki: 「It's really expensive, too... Isn't that a problem?」
Kashou: 「This store primarily sells dresses, but we're just renting this one today.」
Kashou: 「The place we're headed to has a strict dress code.」
Kashou: 「That's why I have to wear this uncomfortable suit, too.」
Azuki: 「Huh? A dress code?」
I take a very wide-eyed Azuki's hand...
...And escort her outside where a taxi is waiting for us.
Kashou: 「We're here, Azuki.」
And just like before...
I pull on her arm as we exit the taxi and head towards our destination.
Azuki: 「What do you mean by... 'here'?」
Azuki: 「This place has a dress code?」
Azuki: 「You should've just told me where we were goin' in the first place...」
We're at the top of Yokohama's pride and joy; its tallest skyscraper.
Azuki's jaw drops as her gaze sweeps over the coastal skyline, sparkling amidst the backdrop of the night sky.
Kashou: 「You said you wanted to eat something tasty, right?」
Kashou: 「Well, a promise is a promise.」
I raise up my champagne-filled glass...
...And we gently clink our glasses together.
Azuki: 「...But still, I never would'a imagined somethin' like this.」
Azuki: 「You must really have fun watchin' me run all around the store...」
Azuki: 「You know, you got a seriously kind heart, Kashou...」
Kashou: 「I hope you're enjoying your meal and champagne.」
Azuki: 「Well, yeah, it's delicious, but...」
While puffing out her cheeks, she swirls the champagne around in her mouth the exact same way I was doing.
She's acting much more polite than she usually does.
Maybe it's just the dress and her hairdo, but Azuki looks much more grown up.
She's beautiful...
I honestly believe she is.
Kashou: 「So a famous pastry chef is here today...」
Kashou: 「I figured we should try this chef's cakes at least once in our lives.」
Kashou: 「This is my way of thanking you, Azuki.」
Azuki: 「...You didn't hafta go this far to thank me, you know.」
Kashou: 「No need to be so humble.」
Kashou: 「My store would really be in trouble if you weren't around, Azuki.」
Kashou: 「And, well...」
Kashou: 「...Thanking you this way also lets you take a bit of a breather.」
Azuki: 「A breather?」
It seems like she's already gotten used to the place...
...Though she still seems to be a little miffed.
Kashou: 「You're an older sister, Azuki. No joke.」
Kashou: 「Especially for Coconut. You're always nearby and taking care of her.」
Kashou: 「That's why I figured...」
Kashou: 「...That you could let your guard down and take a well deserved break from being everyone's older sister here.」
Azuki: 「Kashou...」
She looks at me with widening eyes.
...I feel like I'm trying too hard to show off.
But what I said was the absolute truth.
Kashou: 「...You warned me, but...」
Kashou: 「As an older brother myself, I know what it's like to worry about younger siblings.」
Kashou: 「Shigure's trying her hardest to keep up with me right now...」
Kashou: 「...And it seems that Coconut is doing the same.」
Kashou: 「I think that somehow everything ended up more or less okay, though.」
Azuki: 「...Kashou.」
Kashou: 「I guess that means that even you worry about me...」
Kashou: 「You can get away from your sisters and let me spoil you once in a while, right?」
Kashou: 「I was actually planning to come here alone, but...」
Kashou: 「...With how things have been going, I thought this would be just the right opportunity to take you out.」
Kashou: 「...So, well, you know.」
Kashou: 「...You're an important part of our family, too, you know. You're like a little sister to me.」
Kashou: 「You've been helping me out, so let me meddle in your life a little.」
Once again...
...I turn to Azuki and lift my glass to her.
Azuki: 「Kashou...」
Azuki: 「You're tryin' way too hard to show off, ya know.」
Azuki: 「Someone might think you're some kinda lecherous tres-leche-cake-baker.」
Despite her sarcasm...
...I can tell she's embarrassed from the way she's holding her glass.
The two of us gently clink our glasses together again.
Azuki: 「I guess doin' this sorta thing every now and then isn't so bad.」
Azuki: 「Seems like I'm gettin' a little tipsy from the champagne...」
Azuki: 「I'll put my title as 'Onee-chan' aside while we're here for now.」
That's the Azuki I know, always trying to hide her true feelings.
That wide smile is more than enough to tell me how she really feels, though.
Azuki: 「Must be pretty tough being a big brother, too.」
Kashou: 「Just as tough as being a big sister, I'd think.」
Azuki: 「Haha, no argument there.」
We both empty our glasses in one gulp...
...And follow it up by pouring even more champagne into our glasses.
This is Azuki, the catgirl who's always so distant with everyone.
We happen to bring our glasses up to our mouths at the same time.
Azuki: 「Alright, until one of those cakes comes out...」
Azuki: 「...I'm gonna give you the usual thanks, no holds barred.」
Azuki: 「Think your wallet's fat enough?」
Kashou: 「Yeah. We definitely won't be going home hungry tonight, that's for sure.」
Azuki: 「No matter how much you try to show off, I'm not callin' you 'onii-chan', alright?」
Azuki: 「Though if you reeeeally want me to, I guess it's not totally out of the question.」
Kashou: 「I thought you said you weren't into that sort of thing.」
Azuki: 「Well, maybe I can make an exception for you, at least.」
She has a very Azuki-like smile across her face.
This time, Azuki's the one who raises her glass.
I raise mine in response.
Azuki: 「...Alright, one more.」
Azuki: 「To our wonderful family! Cheers!」
We look out over the dazzling skyline as it twinkles in the night sky.
Our glasses reverberate with a crystal clear tone.
